Resumo do 3HDM 

Questions to Ian. The retard. 
    1 - Legit the first question is I am publishing results without fucking knowing what the fuck you did holy fuck. Off to a great fucking start. 
    
    2 - 1.8 TeV scalar is because this model is dumb. Scalar limits are set, there isn't a new scalar stop searching. 
    
    3 - Basically due to 2 our results are shit could you redo everything with ridicolously low masses that won't converge. Thanks. 8 months work in a night 4suew. 

This basically end the first email. Let's carry on. 

Email 2.

Ian wastes 3 paragraphs hoping nobody got the rona. Funny, IT feels sarcasti, oh well must be me. 

Basically he explains that in a system with 12 degrees of freedom (nigga I'm not even sure it's what? 10 couplings 3 vevs and 4 masses? one is 125.09 and they all have dependable (bla bla bla)) you have 3 of these that are redudant somefucking how. Dear fucking god. This is why no one takes us seriously.

He writes l1 l2 and l10 in function of all the other 13 (yea 13, cuz I wanted to) parameters, and scans the rest. Seriously why aren't the first ones important, Science may never know. 

Email 3. 

Oh boy the good stuff. Pedro senior had a break from playing travian to grace us with this fine fucking email. Let's dig in. 

Already read the first paragraph 3 times... These fucks, "but it shouldn't be too tough to convert those lambdas you're varying into masses." These smily fucks. I am using a retarded fucking program for years, YEARS, of my life because loop masses are so hard to calculate, they just come in here and say "yo but bro. what if it's in another retarded arbitrary base could you solve all those integrals and invert the prosedure so we can check? What? Study the equations and figure out if it's worth it before hand? nah man that isn't what I'm payed to do. 


Again, Retard. "And what we need is to see this variation for a specific parameter point for which (before variation of lambdas around their central values) all A_i and H_i masses are below, say, 500 GeV." --> We wasted millions blowing up your pipe dream fucking let it die.  

"the New Physics (NP) contributions to epsilon_K are inversely proportional to the extra scalar squared masses - if those masses are very large NP contributions are tiny. But if they're smaller, there are two ways to ensure NP is small: (a) the FCNC couplings contributing to NP are small (which is what we HOPE is happening) or (b) there are cancellations" 

it's a). Dude no one checks shit. We could just pretend it's a) 

























1.1) Normalizar o BtoSgamma em função do carregado mudando a legenda (CMS está errado e deve ser 1 sigma e 2 sigma).
 por a label z e substituir a CMS bound por uncertenty  
 H plus/minus 1 

1.2) Tirar uma das cores para não levantar questões desconfirtáveis. -> OMFG 
3) x/y D1 - D2 -y  z - > mh2/mh1 por exemplo  
2) Implementat BFB
3 send to fix go to all_generated, important graphics in there
2.1) Para os amarelos correr mais pontos pois só sobram 10%
2.2) Ver se os gráficos Azuis e Vermelhos com BFB têm alguma mudança qualitativa
2.3) Reavaliar os da Xsec

3) Para os amarelos, indicar a população de pontos que resiste a cada check

Nome da pasta: All_Generated_points










































